hi I'm Rachel for expert village now
we're going to take the pot and pour the
apple juice and the oil and we're going
to bring it and we're going to warm it
up if you have margarine you're going to
do it with the margarine but you don't
have to wait for it to melt it just need
to warm up to get to a warm degree it
doesn't have to boil and then you move
it from the fire so we're going to take
it and place it on the fire now after
the the apple juice and the oil are
warmed up I'm going to pour the sugar in
it mix it up mix up nicely and I'm going
to pour the flour into the other ball
with the yeast and the vanilla sugar and
the salt around it the salt shouldn't
touch the yeast because it might cause
it not to rise right here okay and now
I'm going to pour the this mixture which
is not hot it shouldn't be too hot but
if it's too hot it's gonna gonna kill
the yeast so it's warm but it's not too
hot then we're gonna mix it with the
flower we're going to add the eggs right
now will it still not mixed up all the
way and it mix the egg to it and I'm
going to mix it by hand
you
I always mix from the middle and then
add the flour from the sides this dough
is a little bit harder than the the
finger it's a cinnamon finger that we
did before once it's ready
smoothie now i'm gonna i'm going to take
the oil and then two more seconds to all
the flour okay did ready now what we do
is I'm going to take the oil and pour
some inside it needs to sit on oily in
an oily oily pan and I'm going to take
some oil on my hands and just brush it
on top and I'm going to cover it now and
let it rise for about an hour or a
little bit less in a more in place until
it doubles its size and then we can
continue working with it